This is the kilogram. Not just an ordinary kilogram, that's the kilogram.
British National Standard Kilogram (British National Standard Kilogram),
in the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington.
It's a piece of platinum alloy and iridia,
is kept in a very, very secure vault down here,
and weighs ... well, one kilogram.
Measurement of matter must be the same throughout the world.
So when I buy something in America that weighs milligram, kilogram, or 100 tons,
I need to know that it is equal to a milligram,
kilogram or 100 tonnes in the UK.
Areas where these doubts are really important
is for example the pharmaceutical industry,
where you treat really, really small amounts of active ingredients
and you have to measure them very, very accurately.
So when it was made, let's say, your personal weight,
was tested against the tools that were tested against the tools that
several positions in the chain before,
was tested against something like that.
And this was tested against the International Prototype Kilogram in Paris.
And that's a very strange thing to understand,
but the one in Paris? He always weighs one kilogram.
It does not matter if he took a little weight by absorbing dirt from the air,
or lost some weight while cleaning.
It's just one kilogram.
We know that the International Prototype is probably not stable,
because all his copies are unstable with respect to him.
But there is nothing higher than the International Prototype to compare
and see if it changes or not.
Defining international standards using physical things is not ... ideal,
so in the coming years scientists around the world
decide what standard will be for the 21st century.
The formal definition will be based on physics, probably Planck's constant,
but how do you make a physical object?
We have two options: first, the specified number of atoms.
We can quite easily produce a kilogram sphere
from an almost pure, single-crystal silicon.
The dimension (crystal) grid must be measured,
ie how far there are atoms in the sphere,
and bullet volume. And these two measurements
we can do it with a degree of inaccuracy,
where we can create a sphere with precision
about 10 to eight.
The bad news is that one such ball costs 2.5 million euros. (about 67 million crowns)
Searching a kilogram this way makes sense, it seems.
Finally, we measure matter.
But there is an alternative that would be easier and cheaper,
although not so obvious.
Watt equilibrium is an electrical way of measuring matter.
Now, let's just show you how the watt balance works.
Here we have a speaker,
and when I let go of his coil,
we see that the cone moves up and down.
When I lay the weights,
when I restore my position,
Thanks to the current that I use, we measure the weight of the weights.
The problem is, I do not know the strength of the magnet field,
nor the number of spool threads.
I can make a second attempt by moving the speaker cone like that.
If I measured the speed at which I would move,
and also measured the produced voltage,
I would find a value I could deduct from these two attempts.
Which, if done exactly, is enough to count the weight of that weight.
Whichever procedure we choose,
we will always have physical kilograms to compare.
Nothing will disappear, but for the first time
we will have something absolute with which we can compare them.
Thank you all in the National Physical Laboratory!
They have a YouTube channel you can watch,
and occasionally hold open days. Details are on your site.
Translation: Cvolton, AK